Oh, I see.
No wonder the devil child asked us to find Xu Binyan
It turned out that he wanted to borrow our hands to kill mother and son
This kid is too sinister
The Soul Locking Formation can only be opened on the night of the full moon
Today is 15.
Breaking the curse of the Buddhist village is tonight
I hope Xu Bingyan will not attend
In fact, you save me
Say something slowly
Oops, I don't say you're a ghost
You help me get rid of him
I can pay as much as I want.
Zixuan
You and Yuqing go to Fengmen Village first
Anzhen Walking Town
I'll be there later
heard
That's it. Hmm.
The house is newly built
Why is Yin Qi so heavy?
This is a newly built villa by my real estate company.
When it was first built
I also specially invited a mage to come and see me
They all say it's clean
But ever since I moved in?
And this started to happen.